{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh18040\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hardware/Software mapping:\
\
The TAEval system uses the Client/Server architectural style.  The TAEval client receives inputs from the users via the Administrator, TA and Instructor interfaces and send their requests to a server via TCP/IP connection.  Once a connection has been made to the server a transactional request is sent to a central database. This type of Client/Server setup is considered a special case of the repository architectural style.\
\
The TAEval system is based on the Client/Server architectural style due to the following non-functional requirements:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}client processes must execute on a different machine than the server and support a single user.\
{\listtext	\'95	}client processes must communicate with the central server using TCP/IP sockets.\
{\listtext	\'95	}no client processes with execute on the server host.\
{\listtext	\'95	}server processes must execute on a central host and must manage updates and retrievals of data.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
The TAEval system is broken down into two components: client and server as per the Client/Server architectural style.  There are 7 subsystems with in the client component and 2 subsystems within the server component.\
\
These are the user interface subsystems with in the client component: TAInterface, InstructorInterface and AdminInterface.  These interfaces allow the user to interact with the TAEval system.  \
\
These are the control subsystems with in the client component: CourseManagement, TaskManagement and ListControl .  These subsystem interact with the user interface subsystems and the RequestSending subsystem.  The control subsystems provide the controls to request entity management actions such as; adding a course, deleting a task and adding an instructor.\
\
The RequestSending subsystem communicates between the two components: client and server via TCP/IP sockets. This subsystem communicates with the RequestHandling subsystem in the server component.\
\
The RequestHandling subsystem handles the requests coming from the client component and requests database transactions to the DBManager subsystem.\
\
The DBManager subsystem on the server provides the interface to the relational database.\
\
The client/server components are compiled into two separate executables: TAEvalClient and TAEvalServer.  The TAEvalClient executes as a client on an Ubuntu Linux user machine (node).  The TAEvalServer executes on an Ubuntu Linux server machine (node).\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa260
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
}