{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx20\tx729\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\fi-709\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	1.	}Introduction\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\fi-709\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1.1 Purpose of System\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
In a university setting, the main purpose of attending is for increasing knowledge in a directed, focused manner. One may learn a field of study through books borrowed from the local library, but that structure is a stark contrast to a term filled with lectures from a distinguished PhD accompanied by tests, assignments, and exams that direct the student from point A to point B. Analogously, the current structure of the TA-Instructor relationship is unfocused.  In communication of duties, task obligations are set at the start of the semester; but for communication of statuses and feedback for dynamically changing tasks, we still resort to e-mail. In assessing the qualities of a candidate, TA applications still rely on providing references of faculty that need to be manually contacted to receive feedback for performance that is dated or not directly applicable to the job at hand.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 To allow the TAs to be successful in their job they need to have clear expectations about the tasks assigned to them for each of the courses that they TA. The instructors need to provide clear tasks and timely feedback to the TAs, to allow the TAs to complete their stated tasks at an appropriate level of satisfaction. Given that many TAs end up TA\'92ing repeatedly, it is invaluable for the future students in his or her section to benefit from the learning of the TAs previous errs and mistakes.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 A unified system which would:\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	\'a5	}
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
allow the TA to know his exit criteria set by the Instructor for tasks\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	\'a5	}
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
allow the Instructor to know exactly if and when the task is completed from the TA\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	\'a5	}
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
allow the TA to receive feedback on previously completed tasks to improve upon the next instance of the same task\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	\'a5	}
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
allow the Administrator to be able to run reports on demand for TAs\'92 evaluation data to judge their eligibility for future positions could solve the underlying problems with the current infrastructure.\uc0\u8232  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The TAEval system is the proposed system to be used by TAs, Instructors, and Administrators that will allow Instructors to assign tasks to TAs of the course they are instructing and to provide feedback to the TAs about how they are doing on their tasks.\
The scope of the TAEval system is for tasks and evaluation to be assigned, completed and evaluated over the course of the term.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The TAEval system will be comprised of the following main features for the Instructor:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Instructor can create, modify and delete tasks.  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\dn2 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 Instructors will assign tasks to an associated TA.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\dn2 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 Instructors will provide feedback and an evaluation rating for each task assigned to a TA.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\dn2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \
The TAEval system will be comprised of the following main features for the Administrators:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Administrator will be able to manage system data such as courses, instructors, and TAs.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\dn2 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 Administrators will be able to execute reports on the TAEval persistent data.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\dn2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \
The TAEval system will be comprised of the following main features for the TAs:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\fi11\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TAs can view the tasks that have been assigned to them.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TAs can view evaluation on their tasks once they have been entered by the instructor.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\dn2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \
For further details with regards to detailed system features, technical specifications, graphic user interface (GUI), data storage and inter-process communications refer to the TAEval system description.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 1.2 Overview of Document\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li709\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
The purpose of the system design document is take the requirements analysis document of the TAEval system and derive the design goals, software architecture and boundary use cases.  This document will mainly focus on the software architecture portion of the system design.\
\
The document contains the following sections with regards to the TAEval system design:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Prototype decomposition of phase #1 prototype.  The decomposition will include class diagrams and UML component diagrams for phase #1 prototype.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}System decomposition of the entire TAEval System.  Which will include class diagrams and UML component diagrams of each of the subsystems and their dependencies.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Design evolution discussion explaining the differences between the decomposition for the phase #1 prototype and the entire TAEval system.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The hardware/software mapping section describes how the subsystem, components and nodes were mapped according to the Client/Server architecture.  The breakdown of the components, subsystems and nodes are seen in an UML deployment diagram.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The persistent data management section defines which entities are saved and the type of data management system that was be used in the TAEval system.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The design pattern section discusses which design patterns that will be used in the TAEval system.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The subsystem services section indicates the services offered by each subsystem and is described in a UML component diagram.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The class interfaces section describes each class that is providing operations for a service and is depicted in an UML class diagram.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}